=head1 NAME

Acme::PM::Barcelona::12x5 - Twelve talks, five minutes each

=head1 VERSION

Version 0.01

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Quick introduction to Perl by Barcelona Perl Mongers group.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

12x5 is a presentation format introduced by Mark Jason Dominus to
Barcelona.pm group on July 2003. We liked it so much that we want
to do the same for introducing both Perl and our local Perl community
to anyone listening.

=head1 PRESENTATIONS

=head2 Title1

This is a brief introduction for this presentation.

=head3 Slide1.1

=over 4

=item * item foo

=item * item bar

=item * item ...

=back

=head3 Slide1.2

=over 4

=item 1. item1

=item 2. item2

=item 3. ...

=back

=head3 Slide1.3

This example below is verbatim code:

  sub is_num_eq {
      my ( $first, $second ) = @_;

      return $first == $second;
  }

=head2 WWW::Mechanize

Amb Perl es poden escriure programes que naveguen per la web.

=head3 La Vanguardia

Aquest programa descarrega la pagina web de La Vanguardia.

  use WWW::Mechanize;
  
  $mech = WWW::Mechanize->new;
  $mech->get("http://www.lavanguardia.es");
  
  print $mech->content;

=head2 Cerca a Google

Aquest programa fa una cerca a Google per la paraula "Perl"

  use WWW::Mechanize;
  
  my $mech = WWW::Mechanize->new;
  
  $mech->get('http://www.google.com');
  $mech->field('q', 'Perl');
  $mech->click('btnG');
  
  print $mech->content;

=head2 La Caixa

Aquest programa treu per pantalla la primera pagina de l'extracte
d'un compte de La Caixa.

  use WWW::Mechanize;
  
  $user = 'el-teu-dni';
  $password = 'contrassenya';
  
  # fest-te passar per un iPhone, es mes senzill
  $iphone = "Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; U; CPU iPhone OS 3_0 like Mac OS X; en-us) AppleWebKit/528.18 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0 Mobile/7A341 Safari/528.16";
  $mech = WWW::Mechanize->new(agent => $iphone);
  
  # home page
  $mech->get("http://lacaixa.mobi/apl/index_es.html?select=true");
  $mech->follow_link(url_regex => qr/es-mobi-menu-lo/);
  
  # fes login
  $mech->submit_form(
  	form_name => "formu",
  	fields => {
  		E => $user,
  		B => $password
  	}
  );
  
  # segueix el primer enllac,	
  $mech->follow_link(tag => 'a', n => 1);	
  
  # captura els moviments
  ($movements) = $mech->content =~ m{(<ul[^>]*>\s*<li[^>]*>\s*<a.*?</ul>)}i;
  
  $mov_regexp = qr{
      <td\s+align="left"> (.+?) </td>
      .*?
      <font[^>]+> ([\d,-]+) .*? </font>
      .*?
      <li[^>]+> (\d+/\d+/\d+)
  }sx;
  
  print "$1, $2, $3\n" while $movements =~ /$mov_regexp/g;
  
  # AHORRA EL CAMBIO, -2,10, 06/09/2009
  # FRANKFURT PLATJA-, -14,40, 05/09/2009
  # DECATHLON ILLA PR, -7,90, 05/09/2009
  # CAPRABO, -7,64, 04/09/2009
  # GESOIL S.A. LEVAN, -18,88, 04/09/2009
  # ...

=head2 Title5

=head2 Title6

=head2 Title7

=head2 Title8

=head2 Title9

=head2 Title10

=head2 Title11

=head2 Title12

=head1 AUTHOR

Alex Muntada, C<< <alexm at cpan.org> >>

=head1 BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests to C<bug-acme-pm-barcelona at rt.cpan.org>, or through
the web interface at L<http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/ReportBug.html?Queue=Acme-PM-Barcelona>.  I will be notified, and then you'll
automatically be notified of progress on your bug as I make changes.

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

=over 4

=item Mark Jason Dominus

=item Barcelona Perl Mongers

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT & LICENSE

Copyright 2009 Alex Muntada, all rights reserved.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
